# `<BuilderContent>`

The `<BuilderContent>` component renders content from Builder.io while abstracting away any complex setup. It is the
primary component provided by this module. It is primarily meant to render entire pages.

By default, it will query Builder using the
[`defaultModel`](/getting-started/configuration#default-model) option (defaults to `page`)
and the current route as the path. It will also automatically register any [custom components](/features/components)
you have defined in your project.

## Examples

### Plug-and-play

```vue
<!-- app.vue -->
<template>
  <NuxtLayout>
    <NuxtPage />
  </NuxtLayout>
</template>
```

```vue
<!-- layouts/default.vue -->
<template>
  <slot />
</template>
```

```vue
<!-- pages/[...slug].vue -->
<template>
  <BuilderContent
    throw-error
  >
</template>
```

This example uses a [catch-all route](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/pages#catch-all-route)
to render all of your application's pages with Builder content. This automatically uses the current route's
path (as defined by `useRoute`/`$route`) and the default model.

If the page does not exist, the `throw-error` prop will cause the component to throw a 404 error. This removes
the need for custom validation.

## Props

### `model`

- Type: `string`
- Required: `false`

If provided, this component will use the specified Builder model instead of the
[`defaultModel`](/getting-started/configuration#default-model) option.

### `path`

- Type: `string`
- Required: `false`

If provided, this component will use the specified path instead of the current route's path.

### `throwError`

- Type: `boolean`
- Required: `false`

If `true`, this component will throw a 404 error if the content does not exist.
This removes the need for custom validation.

### `customComponents`

- Type: `BuilderComponent[]`

If provided, this component will use the specified custom components. This will replace your project's
[custom components](/features/components) if that feature is enabled.

### `extra`

- Type: `object`
- Required: `false`

If provided, this object will be merged with the query sent to Builder. This can be used to add extra query
parameters or override defaults.

## Events

### `load`

- Type: `BuilderResponse`

Called when the component has loaded content from Builder. The direct API response is passed as the first argument.
