# Custom Components

One of the primary features of this module is the ability to automatically register a subset of your project's
Vue components as custom components in Builder. This allows you to
[use your own components](https://www.builder.io/c/docs/custom-components-intro)
in Builder content.

By default, this module will automatically register all `.vue` components in your project's `builder/components` directory.
See the [Configuration](/getting-started/configuration) section for more information.

## Getting started

First, create the `builder/components` directory (or whatever you configured the directory to be) in the root of your
project:

```bash
mkdir -p builder/components
```

Next, create a new Vue component in the `builder/components` directory. In this example, we'll be creating a `Hero`
component:

```vue
<!-- builder/components/Hero.vue -->
<template>
  <div>
    Hello, {{ text }}!
  </div>
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
defineProps<{
  text: string
}>()

defineBuilderComponent({
  friendlyName: 'Hero',
  description: 'Test description',
  inputs: [{
    name: 'text',
    type: 'string',
    defaultValue: 'world'
  }]
})
</script>
```

Notice the `defineBuilderComponent` helper at the bottom of the file. This is a compile-time macro which is used
to register the component with Builder. It accepts a single argument, which is an object. See the type declaration
or the [Builder docs](https://www.builder.io/c/docs/custom-components-setup#setting-component-options)
for more information.

This component defines one input, `text`, which is of type `string` with a default value of `world`. This directly
corresponds with the component's `text` prop.

::alert{type=warning}
⚠️ Do not define the `name` setting in `defineBuilderComponent`. This is automatically provided by the module using
a special prefix.
::

## Using custom components

If you use the [`<BuilderContent>`](/components/builder-content) component provided by this module, your components
will be registered with Builder automatically.

If you don't want to or can't use this component, you can access your project's Builder components by using
the `useBuilderComponents` composable anywhere in your project:

```vue
<template>
  <!-- Use the <BuilderContent> component provided by this module instead if possible! -->
  <Content
    :custom-components="customComponents"
    ...
  />
</template>
<script setup lang="ts">
import { Content } from '@builder.io/sdk-vue/vue3'

const customComponents = useBuilderComponents()
</script>
```
