# Configuration

This module provides many options to customize its behavior. Opinionated defaults are provided for all applicable options,
but you may override them as needed.

## API Key

To use this module, you must either provide a `BUILDER_API_KEY` environment variable (such as through a `.env` file or
your deployment service), or set the `apiKey` option in the module configuration.

You can retrieve this API key from your [space dashboard settings](https://builder.io/account/space)
(the `Public API Key` setting under `Space`).

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  builderIO: {
    apiKey: 'abcxyz...'
  }
})
```

## Auto-imports

By default, this module will [automatically import](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/concepts/auto-imports) various functions
from the
[`@builder.io/sdk-vue`](https://npmjs.com/package/@builder.io/sdk-vue) package. To disable this feature,
set `autoImports` to `false` in the module configuration.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  builderIO: {
    autoImports: false
  }
})
```

Alternatively, you can provide a custom list of imports as a string array. Each item in the array should be a valid
export from `@builder.io/sdk-vue`.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  builderIO: {
    // These are the default auto-imports provided by the module
    autoImports: [
      'fetchEntries',
      'fetchOneEntry',
      'fetchBuilderProps',
      'isEditing',
      'isPreviewing',
      'setEditorSettings',
      'getBuilderSearchParams',
      'createRegisterComponentMessage'
    ]
  }
})
```

## Default model

The `defaultModel` option controls the default model used by the [`BuilderContent`](/components/builder-content)
component if none is provided. The default value is `page`, which is the built-in starter model provided by Builder.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  builderIO: {
    defaultModel: 'page'
  }
})
```

## Components

One of the primary features of this module is the ability to automatically register a subset of your project's
Vue components as custom components in Builder. This allows you to
[use your own components](https://www.builder.io/c/docs/custom-components-intro)
in Builder content.

By default, this module will automatically register all Vue components in your project's `builder/components` directory.
This can be customized using the following options:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  // ...
  builderIO: {
    components: {
      enabled: true, // Setting this to `false` will disable the feature entirely
      dir: 'builder/components', // The directory to search for components in
      prefix: 'BuilderCustom' // The prefix to use for all registered components; this is only used internally
    }
  }
})
```

See the [Custom Components](/features/components) feature for more information.

## Inject CSS

By default, this module will globally import the `@builder-io/sdk-vue/css` file in your application. This allows
features such as the built-in `Columns` component to function correctly.

::alert{type=info}
If you are not using Builder.io's visual designing features and **only** using custom components, this CSS may not be
necessary. If so, you can disable the CSS import by setting the `injectCss` option to `false` for a minor drop in
bundle size.
::
